# Crowdfunding_ETL
Utilized 13.1-Project-2-ETL-Solved.ipynb and 13.2-Project-2-ETL-Solved.ipynb for suggestions.
For 'Use a list comprehension to add "cat" to each category_id.'
Started with '# scat_ids = []
                    for y in subcategory_ids : 
                    scat_ids = ["subcat" + str(subcategory_ids)]'
Then played with different combinations until finally found 'scat_ids = [('subcat' + str(x)) for x in subcategory_ids]'
Needed help with converting two lists to Pandas DataFrame found simple answer on Geeks for Geeks site: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/create-a-pandas-dataframe-from-lists/

# Problems and Solutions
Create the contacts DF. I could not iterrate through the first cell of Option 1. Trying Option 2. Rather than use all my time trying to figure it out, exporting as is to csv. Contacts.csv is not formatted.
Update- Able to iterrate after speaking with Instructor Khaled Karman. Instructions say to use the 'header=2' to READ the data. So, by updating to 3 it moves "contact_info" to the header. This makes the row callable as you have something to reference.

PostgreSQL- couple of things here.
1. Contacts.csv had obvious trouble due to formatting. Wouldn't create table. Update- No longer an issue after correction above.
2. Campaign.csv error occurred when trying to import file to table. Error was something along the lines of incorrect syntax for Goals column. Tried the following without success: int, long, single, numeric, bigint. Update- Spoke with TA Jin Park, she suggested 
using numeric or decimal. Decimal didn't work and I had already tried numeric earlier and forgot. Read PostgreSQL Documentation: 16:8.1. Numeric Types. Looked up float types in PostgreSQL and found Estuary article that read, "Float is a 4-byte floating-point number, while Double Precision is an 8-byte floating-point number." https://estuary.dev/postgresql-data-types/#:~:text=PostgreSQL%20provides%20two%20floating%2Dpoint,%2Dbyte%20floating%2Dpoint%20number.

Couldn't resolve error on Goal syntax error with any numeric type. Turning in assignment.

Was able to import all other csv files to their table and Select to confirm all data available.

# References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
Solution for converting two lists to Pandas DataFrame found simple answer on Geeks for Geeks site: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/create-a-pandas-dataframe-from-lists/